if one of us doesn't show we're not
gonna pester each other okay if you're
not there I'll understand I'll be there
and if you're not I'll understand I'll
be there
[Music]
what time is naked over do you want time
to think it over
[Music]
he was the LA Rams hottest quarterback
back when polyester was in and we were
doing the hustle you know that I've
never been faithful to anyone in my
whole life I'm shocked and amazed
you don't play around you know but I
think I might have to if I were involved
with someone like you
this is amazing
[Music]
I'll just deal with you I want to
simplify my life is that so hard to
understand well I understand it when it
comes to my life but this is your life
you have a great wife I love your life I
hope you don't feel awkward about being
here with Michael when he's engaged I'm
engaged myself 3035 he's yeah
about last night you don't want to mess
up your life any more than I wanna mess
up mine you do that long enough and you
forget what do you forget what it's like
to love something
[Music]